she's the high topping up her here take
back everything I took from you she
isn't my chopper napper you didn't swipe
my hi-tops no I snuck into your room the
door was open I was looking for a
souvenir of your visit so I took the
wrapper and the rent bookmark and
immediately left oh and that's all that
happened Wow let me get this straight
you stole these from my hotel room yes
and I'm so shamed of myself for doing it
don't be touched me Hales I know who are
high topper nap Ariz no time look
we gonna do Sonic I'm gonna stop in the
same way I figured out who stole my
hi-tops I'm gonna use your gravy sonic
appreciation day has just become real
estate depreciation day I'm gonna wear
them over here at the last second I jump
away he'll go straight up the ramp and
flip the road great tram now go hot okay
why don't you do peg kissers coming
flatten me fer if you can that is why
dr. Robotnik is you idiots around spine
head with try to press you would the
little steep good thing coconuts word us
no way Sonic is gonna fool us twice oh
you two other vamps if the testers
aren't you hmm oh we need these ramps
for mr. Sonic's charity speed benefit if
you test them with that contraption
you'll flatten him Oh without them the
widows and orphans of MacGuffin will
have nothing to eat this winter widows
orphans sorry ladies duty calls I fallen
footage scratch talk too much shouldn't
we be JC DeVito oh we will but when dr.
Robotnik hairs that we were cruel to
widows and orphans toe wife is proud
jump me
so where are your high tops well let's
check out the evidence we know that
somebody snuck into the room and took
them while we were catching Z's right oh
who was in the room I think he did it
yeah he was in the room but when we
found him sleeping in the closet he
didn't have the speaker so then it was
hodgepodge why would a bellboy with the
key to every room need to fit the lock
beside the high-top wouldn't fit his big
feet remember well since our Nets the
only suspect left yeah she already
confessed to another crime stealing the
bookmark of course she didn't steal my
bookmark huh the bookmark Harry the
Hawker gave me was blue the bookmarks on
its toll and returned to him was red hey
you're right how did change color it
didn't there were two different
bookmarks
say what's the big idea hahahaha Sonic
you figured it out all right check out
me happy so what did happen Sonic
hogface cut a hole in the door with one
of his sonogram state now these babies
slice they dice they peel and squeal
somehow the clutch dropped the red
bookmark when he tried to pick it back
up and he took my blue one by mistake
the red one he really dropped put still
on the floor and that was the bookmark
netsanet store you must have arranged
this whole thing which leads me to one
question why did you take my hi-tops I
wanted to cut them up and some pieces of
souvenirs I brought 16 sets of steak
knives trying welcome Fido I've got a
way cool idea wats Pierce
congratulations you have just been
elected an official member of the sonic
fan club here's your souvenir talking
t-shirt egg-belly sighs oh how do you do
I hate that Hedgehog
waits on it Jim stealing is wrong can I
forget her my shoes go on take them no I
can't face will be an honest on it I
know you do the right thing Sonic I
learned my lesson I'm just not cut out
for stealing cuz it's just not right